fix(docs): add an initial version of a contributers guide (#1580)
pmndrs/zustand: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

## Reporting Issues

> If you have found what you think is a bug, please [file an issue](https://github.com/pmndrs/zustand/issues/new).

Reviewer: Lately, we ask to open a discussion first before filing an issue. We should also fix the contribution guide in [jotai](https://github.com/pmndrs/jotai).

For usage questions, prefer [starting a discussion](https://github.com/pmndrs/zustand/discussions/new).

## Suggesting new features

> If you are here to suggest a feature, first create an issue if it does not already exist. From there, we will discuss use-cases for the feature and then finally discuss how it could be implemented.

Reviewer: For suggesting new features, we use discussions too.

## Documentation

- Fork the [Zustand repo](https://github.com/pmndrs/zustand/) into your own Github account
- Locally, clone down your fork
- Separately, clone the [Pmdrs-Website](https://github.com/pmndrs/website}

>   - this runs most of the doc websites under the pmndrs banner, including react three fiber and (eventually) zustand

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - this runs most of the doc websites under the pmndrs banner, including React Three Fiber and Zustand
```

 - Removed eventually because we're pretty close to having the docs in a good place thanks to everyones help
 - Altered case for consistency

  - Switch to the `docs`-branch.
- Now, you should have two repositories locally
- Inside the website folder, run `npm install` and then `npm run dev`

>   - This will launch the docs site locally, that you should be able to open in the browser and see the various doc sites

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - This will launch the website locally. You should be able to open and see the various documentation sites
```

 - Some of my original notes in that discussion were shorthand so cleaning up a bit

> - One little catch here is that the docs site currently reads only from Github, not locally. So you can do the following (without committing it any where):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- One little catch here is that the website reads directly from Github, not locally. As a temporary measure, you can do the following (without actually committing these changes):
```

>   - Inside website, open `src/data/libraries.ts`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Inside website codebase, open `src/data/libraries.ts`
```

  - Push those changes up to your fork on a branch such as `docs-test` (_this should match whatever you set it to above in `libraries.ts`_
  - Restart the website locally (`control + c` -> `npm run dev`)
  - Visit the Zustand docs locally, and you should see the content you just pushed up
- Once you are happy with your changes, commit them to a real branch and push up to your fork
  - For now there are no formal naming conventions for branches.
  - Commit messages follow a [conventional commit](#committing) style.
- Jump back to the official repo (this one) and raise a PR from the branch you just pushed up

## Development

If you would like to contribute by fixing an open issue or developing a new feature you can use this suggested workflow:

- Fork this repository.
- Create a new feature branch based off the `main` branch.
- Install dependencies by running `$ yarn`. [(version 1)](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install)
- Create failing tests for your fix or new feature.
- Implement your changes and confirm that all test are passing. You can run the tests continuously during development via the `$ yarn test:dev` command.

> - If you want to test it in a React project you can either use `$ yarn link` or `yalc` package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you want to test it in a React project you can either use `$ yarn link` or the `yalc` package.
```
